Adding support for 3rd party LLM providers via OpenAI Package (#4)
rvanasa/pandas-gpt: README.md

import openai
openai.api_key = 'sk-**********'
```

> ## Or if you are using another host like Azure:
> ```python
> import openai
> openai.api_type = "azure"
> openai.api_base = "<Endpoint>"
> openai.api_version = "<Version>"
> openai.api_key = "<API Key>"
> 
> import pandas-gpt
> pandas_gpt.engine='<Deployment ID>' # Default is None
> #pandas_gpt.deployment_id='<Deployment ID>' If you need it, default is None
> #pandas_gpt.model='<model>' If you need it, default is gpt-3.5-turbo
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion

Or if you are using another host like [Azure](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/cognitive-services/openai-service):

```python
import openai
openai.api_type = 'azure'
openai.api_base = '<Endpoint>'
openai.api_version = '<Version>'
openai.api_key = '<API Key>'

import pandas_gpt
# pandas_gpt.model = '<model>' # If you need it; default is gpt-3.5-turbo
pandas_gpt.completion_config = {
  'engine': '<Engine>',
  # 'deployment_id': '<Deployment ID>',
}
```

````
